Update documentation (#93)
qiboteam/qiboml: doc/source/advanced/encoder.rst

.. testcode::

    from functools import cached_property
    import numpy as np
    from qibo import gates
    from qiboml.models.encoding import QuantumEncoding

    class CustomEncoder(QuantumEncoding):

    def __init__(self, nqubits: int, n1: int, n2: int):
        """
        Custom encoder where the first component of a two-dimensional data
        is uploaded ``n1`` times and the second component is uploaded ``n2`` times.
        """
        if n1 + n2 != nqubits:
            raise RuntimeError(
            "``n1`` and ``n2`` don't sum to ``nqubits``."
            )

        # use the general setup for a QuantumEncoding layer
        # which mainly initialize an empty n-qubits circuit (self.circuit)
        # and the set of qubits it insists on (by default self.qubits=range(nqubits))
        super().__init__(nqubits)

        self.x1_qubits = self.qubits[:n1]

>         self.x2_qubits = self.qubits[(nqubits - n2):]

Reviewer: I believe this is just
```suggestion
        self.x2_qubits = self.qubits[n1:]
```
but it does not really matter much

    def __call__(self, x: "ndarray") -> "Circuit":

        if len(x) != 2:
            raise ValueError(
            f"Data dimension is expected to be 2 in this custom encoder, while the received one is {len(x)}."
            )

        # copy the internal circuit as we don't want to modify that
        # every time a new input is processed
        circuit = self.circuit.copy()

        # encode the first component n1 times
        for qubit in self.x1_qubits:

>             circuit.add(gates.RY(qubit, theta=x[0], trainable=False))

Reviewer: ah ok so it's two dimensional in the sense that ``len(x.ravel()) == 2`` not that ``x.shape[0] == 2``, right?

Keep in mind that, when ``differentiable`` is set to ``False``, all the gradients of the ``QuantumModel`` with respect to the inputs :math:`x` are going to automatically set to zero in the differentiation step.

> Finally, there is an important property we have to set to allow the computation of gradients with respect to inputs in case hardware-compatible methods are chosen (parameter shift rule). We refer to the ``._data_to_gate`` method, where an ``encoding_map`` has to be defined in the form of a dictionary, where the keys are the indices corresponding to the components of the data and the value for each key is a list of integer numbers, corresponding to the list of gates where the target component of the data is encoded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, there is an important property we have to set to allow for the computation of gradients with respect to inputs in case a hardware-compatible method is used (namely, the Parameter Shift Rule :py:class:`qiboml.operations.differentiation.PSR`). This is the ``._data_to_gate`` method, which defines an ``encoding_map`` in the form of a dictionary, where the keys are the indices of the components of the input data and the value for each key is a list of integers, that specifies the indices of the gates in the generated circuit where that input entered. Therefore, for instance, a ``{0: [0,1], 1: [1,2]}`` dictionary indicates that the first component of the input data is loaded in the first two gates of the circuit (gate ``0`` and gate ``1``), whereas the second component of ``x`` affects the second and third gates (gate ``1`` and gate ``2``).

Hence, in our case the ``_data_to_gate`` method reads:
```

.. code::

    @cached_property
    def _data_to_gate(self):
        """
        Associate each data component with its index in the gates queue.
        In this case, we will follow the presented strategy, namely encoding ``x[0]``
        into the first ``n1`` qubits and ``x[1]`` in the second ``n2`` qubits.
        """
        return {
            "0": self.x1_qubits,
            "1": self.x2_qubits,
        }

> On this way, we allow the custom differentiation rules to reconstruct the derivatives of any expectation value w.r.t. input data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, we allow the :py:class:`qiboml.operations.differentiation.PSR` to properly recombine all the derivatives that are associated to the same input spread across different gates.
```
